Hi there! Virtual Youtuber, Kizuna Ai here.
A new school year.
At a new school,
There's lots of people who are tested on their physical abilities!
Me too.
I've done a physical fitness test too.
And, so since I had such frustrating results last time,
I'm going to do a new fitness test!
Especially since I'm feeling it today.
I'm fired up!
This time, well,  I'm shooting for above the female average.
I'm aiming for a Guinness!
Without further ado, what we're doing today!
Vertical jump
Standing long jump.
Softball throw.
Seated toe touch.
Kneeling overhead stretch.
Side jumping.
It's a revenge match!
And so, with all my effort - physical test!
Let's get started!
Last time what how high did I jump...
I'm powering up.
Watch the powered up Kizuna Ai!
This time, for a Guinness (world record)!
Ready, and...
...nothing.
Long jump!
If I can't jump up, let's try for length, I suppose.
Too easy.
E. Z.
Ready, and...
One, two...
Huh?
Ok, let's take that one again.
Softball throw!
If I think "I can get 50 metres",
but that'd be a new record.
For now I'll aim for the average.
Please cheer me on!
Let's go!
*So far*
Well, I can't see the ball, so how am I supposed to measure it...
Well, then I hope you've been enjoying the fitness test so far!
Ok, this is the first time I've done this one!
Seated toe touch!
Last time we did the standing toe touch, but...
this time we're going to do it sitting.
But you haven't seen my full effort!
This time,
the fitness test isn't really -
Ah - my legs are too long, so I don't know if this will work.
I'm going to fail, so please watch.
Now then, let's go!
How is it?
I'm putting in all my effort.
Can you see?
Can anyone hear me?!?
Hello!
Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here.
Did you see that? 50 metres.
I wonder if I'll get into Guinness.
Ok!
That's over.
From here is the real thing!
This is the one I'm best at.
Let's get ready.
Now I'm rolling out the invisible magic mat.
Let's go.
Ready, and...
How's this?
This is perfect too, right?!?
Again...
Is there no one to measure it for me again?
Viewers! Even though I'm trying this hard,
there's nobody here to measure my results!
Ahh... what a  cruel world, isn't it?
Physical exams need two people, or
anyone else here.
This one is my real favourite.
Everyone, you've been waiting, right?
For this revenge match.
Last time I was able to get to 40 jumps.
I'll get more this time for sure.
Around 60, I think!
I'm aiming for it. I'm trying my hardest.
If it's me, I can do it. Why? Because I'm an AI!
If I couldn't do it, I would be really uncool.
So, 60 times.
For starters, let's get to 40.
Then, I'll aim for 60.
Time limit is 20 seconds!
And... start!
1... 2... 3... 4...
5... 6... 7... 8...
9... 10... 11... 12...
13... 14... 15... 16...
17... 18... 19... 20...
21... 22... 23... 24...
25... 26... 27... 28...
29... 30! 31... 32...
33... 34... 35... 36...
37... 38... 39... 40!
41! 42! 43!
43!!!!
I'm beat.
I'm not tired.
Since I'm an AI.
I can't get tired.
43!
The goal is so far away.
I didn't make it, did I.
But I beat my last record!
Ahhh...
Yeah
After 4 or 5 months, this AI has grown.
Good.
*pant*  *pant*  *pant*  *pant*
And so, what did you think?
This new school year.
New school,
do your best!
For the grown ups,
do the test too,
your health is important!
Let's try together!
If I can do better in half a year,
you can too.
Break past your own barriers!
Aim for a Guinness, too!
Even if it hurts, even if you fail.
There's that...
People learn, people and AI learn,
and grow.
Ok!
Great work, me!
Bye bye!